"Welcome to my house! I will do my best to tell you about bits and pieces of my life. Have fun!"

Study Room Full List:
1- BK Graduation certificate -> info about kayseri BKFL

"I graduated from Kayseri Bahçeşehir Science Highschool in 2020 and got into Uludağ University for the Medicine degree."

(deprecated)X  |    2- YKS books and a paper snail -> YKS Result (cringe)

3- discarded stetoscope and doctors robe -> med left

"After passing the first grade in Uludag Uni's Medicine, I decided I wanted to pursue a career in computer engineering and
switched my major CE at Yildiz Technical University. "

4- yearbook and a graduation hat -> YTU CE info

"I am still a student and planning to graduate from YTU in 2025."

5- a floating piece of paper -> documentable cv file

"Click here to download my Academic CV."

6- car key Renault
"Right now, I am a long term intern at Renault-Mais company as a Backend developer. More detail can be found in Computer room about my internship projects"


Computer Room Full List:
1- flowcharts on the wall -> C


a computer with 3 monitors around
3- a monitor with a neural network schema figure -> deep learning
"Me and my colleague are currently working on the "Food Image Segmentation" project assigned to us by our projects mentor at YTU.
The project has Image processing and CNN at its core and regarding link will be published here when it's done. "

"The other deep learning project I worked on was a number-recognizer made with Keras datasets. This project acted as finals to pass 
my Erasmus+ class and I got a 30/30 with this. Github code and presentation may be accessed here:


4- a monitor with dms UI screen -> fullstack knowledge
"I have been a part of may API projects, some as a part of a team and some by myself. For instance:
- A monolithic Magazine Distribution System (Java), my first attempt as a fullstack developer:
- A Pet Adoption Forum API (PostgreSQL, Unity C#), which I was a part of the database team.
- A monolithic Supply Chain Management System (Java), which I made the whole thing basically.
- Microsoft Auth Temp (ASP.NET Core, C#), a template program I made to guide the Backend team to implement "Login with Microsoft" during my Internship
Right now, at my 4th year at the university I am continuing my internship at Renault-Mais as a part of Backend team to continue 
developing AtlasDMS project."

5- a monitor with the descedant game -> game design
"I am interested in video game design and development, and I participated in three game jams until now. I've also made my own project fpr the Game Design class I took.
These games are, in chronological order;
- The Descendant, which I designed all of the levels as the Level Designer
- Mantis Simulator, which was my own UE5 project for the game design class
- Death From Laughter, which I made some of the puzzles as the secondary Game Designer
- Iskir, which I designed and balanced as the Game Designer  

6- small laptop on the side with Kanatci Ibo 
"Some hobby Projects I made for myself in my free time are,
- CV Knight, this website for displaying my skills in a fun way
- Saver-Loader, a basic database recording website which uses GitHub as its database,
- Kanatci-İBot, the discord bot I made for funsies.


Living Room Full List:
1- italy and eu flag -> Erasmus experience
2- tv screen -> visited countries - cities (austria-vienna, slovenia-bratislava, prague-czech, -switzerland-geneva&montreux and italy ones)
(fused)

"On my second year at YTU I have participated in the Erasmus+ Student Exchange Programme. For half a year, I lived in Napoli. Italy and met with many people from different cultures.
Not only I have successfully completed the programme, but I also visited some of the European cities that have been interested in. In Italy I visited Milan, Florence, Pisa, Bologna and Rome. 
I also visited Geneva, Montreux, Vienna, Bratislava and Prague."

3- toy globe -> english capacity & level

"I am a fluent English speaker with 94 points from YOKDIL."

a desk is present
4- on desk, a trophy and a frc hat -> FRC experience

"In my high school years, I was a part of the FRC Team Tornado 7227 as a mechanic, and our team won the Entrepreneurship prize. 

5- on desk, dogdok and ekstrem logos -> dogdok treasurer experience

"I was the Treasurer of the executive board of a student club in YTU. After my treasurer year was finished, I have also been a part of the Supervisory Board of the same club the next year."
"I was also the manager of parkour community for a year in Extreme Sports club"

6- medals and cup -> airsoft shooting

"I was the team leader of Erciyes Airsoft Pistol Shooting Team and won a few golden medals and a trophy from local tournaments. 
I earned a silver medal from region-wide and 7th place in the nation-wide tournaments. My personal best score is 556/600 in 10m"



Hobby Room Full List:
a desk is present
1- on desk, diy making tools -> diy
"I love DIY projects! If there is proper space for it, I set up a workshop in my free time to work on some handcrafted figures or models."

2- on desk, game console -> video games
"Although not as much as I used to, I still enjoy video games when I have the time. I have a variety of favorite genres but some of my favorite games are Celeste, Hollow Knight and Pokemon series.

3- on desk, a globe aquarium with an isopod in it -> bugs, marine life
"My biggest interest in science is evolution and I am a fan of arthropods. I research about entomology news and love to learn cool bug facts. I am also deeply interested in deep sea creatures and marine life.


4- my cruiseboard -> outdoor sports
"Sometimes I get the urge to skate through a park or do freerunning where people won't judge me."
